New serverless pattern - Text translation with Lambda and Translate (Terraform) (#2670)
aws-samples/serverless-patterns: lambda-translate-tf/README.md

> # Translate Text in real-time using Lambda function and Amazon Translate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Translate Text in real-time using AWS Lambda function and Amazon Translate
```

> This pattern contains source code and supporting files for a serverless application deployable with Terraform. The pattern demonstrates how to create a Lambda function that integrates with Amazon Translate service to perform real-time text translation between languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This pattern contains source code and supporting files for a serverless application deployable with Terraform. The pattern demonstrates how to create an AWS Lambda function that integrates with Amazon Translate to perform real-time text translation between languages.
```

* [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-cliv2.html) installed and configured
* [Git Installed](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
* [Terraform](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli?in=terraform/aws-get-started) installed

## Deployment Instructions

1. Create a new directory, navigate to that directory in a terminal and clone the repository:
    ``` 
    git clone https://github.com/aws-samples/serverless-patterns
    ```
2. Change directory to the pattern directory:
    ```
    cd serverless-patterns/lambda-translate-tf
    ```
3. From the command line, initialize Terraform to downloads and install the providers defined in the configuration:
    ```
    terraform init
    ```
4. From the command line, apply the configuration in the main.tf file:
    ```
    terraform apply
    ```
5. Note the outputs from the deployment process. These contain the resource names and/or ARNs which are used for testing.

## How it works

> Use the AWS CLI to invoke the Lambda function.

Author: Have explained clearly

> The example provided  performs Translation from English to German language. The following languages are [supported](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/translate/latest/dg/what-is-languages.html).

Author: Reworded it

## Testing

Replace "{LambdaFunctionName}" with the function name as seen in the output of terraform template

```
aws lambda invoke  --function-name {LambdaFunctionName} --invocation-type RequestResponse --cli-binary-format raw-in-base64-out --payload "{\"text\":\"I am very happy\", \"sl\":\"en\",\"tl\":\"de\"}" response.json
```

The command above returns the following output:
```

> das ist schlecht

Author: Updated the response

* [Terraform](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli?in=terraform/aws-get-started) installed

## Deployment Instructions

1. Create a new directory, navigate to that directory in a terminal and clone the repository:
    ``` 
    git clone https://github.com/aws-samples/serverless-patterns
    ```
2. Change directory to the pattern directory:
    ```
    cd serverless-patterns/lambda-translate-tf
    ```
3. From the command line, initialize Terraform to downloads and install the providers defined in the configuration:
    ```
    terraform init
    ```
4. From the command line, apply the configuration in the main.tf file:
    ```
    terraform apply
    ```
5. Note the outputs from the deployment process. These contain the resource names and/or ARNs which are used for testing.

## How it works

The pattern uses an AWS Lambda function that integrates with Amazon Translate service to perform real-time text translation. When invoked via AWS CLI, the Lambda function takes three parameters (source text, source language, and target language) and uses Amazon Translate to convert the text from one language to another (e.g., English to German in the example provided).

> This is a simple yet powerful serverless solution for real-time text translation without having to manage any servers or infrastructure.

Author: removed

"The example demonstrates translation from English to German language. For a complete list of supported languages, please refer to the [Amazon Translate documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/translate/latest/dg/what-is-languages.html)."

## Testing

Replace "{LambdaFunctionName}" with the function name as seen in the output of terraform template

```
aws lambda invoke  --function-name {LambdaFunctionName} --invocation-type RequestResponse --cli-binary-format raw-in-base64-out --payload "{\"text\":\"I am very happy\", \"sl\":\"en\",\"tl\":\"de\"}" response.json
```

After running the command, open the generated response.json file to see the translated output:
```

> das ist schlecht

Author: Updated it
